peace infinite waters diving deep once
again ginger this is my favorite herb
right here and it's done wonders for me
and I call it the natural aspirin
because that's what it is I don't really
get headaches but whenever I do which is
rare I always take ginger and even if I
don't get headaches
it's just something which really is
phenomenal and a lot of research has
also shown the powerful effects ginger
has in not only cleansing the blood but
it's even some sake can be used as a
cancer cure it can be used for so many
things
and why is that so well ginger is one of
the most ancient herbs found in the
world which has always been used and
what ginger does essentially it's not
only antibacterial but it thins the
blood and when we talk of stress living
in a busy city when we talk of people
who are exercising people who are
overeating and all of these things
basically essentially the blood within
the human body
it becomes thick when you have a lack of
circulation ginger essentially thins the
blood so that makes circulation a lot
more free-flowing and ginger is in my
opinion phenomenal it's done so much
great things within my own life just
whenever I'm chewing ginger I'm like oh
it's so hot it's like a pepper very very
hot pepper that's why a lot of people
don't take it but you should really eat
it in its natural state you can buy the
capsules but really eat ginger just by
the piece off and chew it and you'll
find your tongue getting so hot it's not
for everyone but when you do for me it's
just amazing feeling of euphoria but
it's a powerful powerful herb and it is
a natural aspirin because when we talk
of headaches a lot of people say okay
I've got a headache let me just take a
blooper fan and let me just take aspirin
let me just take paracetamol all of
these are
and made drugs and the problem with that
is that they never actually treat the
root cause of the problem they just
treat the symptoms that's what we call
this is Western medicine is allopathic
but when we talk of the natural nature
the source of life medicine is always
the most natural and it's always the
best because what it does it goes to the
root and it works with the body it
doesn't work against the body and ginger
is the natural aspirin so this is
research it for yourself and let me know
if you can handle the ginger peace
infinite waters